bulbasaur has 2 attacks
ivysaur has 2 attacks
venusaur has 0 attacks
charmander has 2 attacks
charmeleon has 2 attacks
charizard has 3 attacks
squirtle has 2 attacks
wartortle has 2 attacks
blastoise has 3 attacks
caterpie has 1 attacks
metapod has 0 attacks
butterfree has 0 attacks
weedle has 1 attacks
kakuna has 1 attacks
beedrill has 0 attacks
pidgey has 0 attacks
pidgeotto has 0 attacks
pidgeot has 2 attacks
rattata has 0 attacks
raticate has 0 attacks
spearow has 0 attacks
fearow has 0 attacks
ekans has 0 attacks
arbok has 0 attacks
pikachu has 4 attacks
raichu has 2 attacks
sandshrew has 0 attacks
sandslash has 0 attacks
nidoranf shiny not found
nidoranf shiny back not found
nidoranf has 0 attacks
nidorina has 0 attacks
nidoqueen has 0 attacks
nidoranm shiny not found
nidoranm shiny back not found
nidoranm has 0 attacks
nidorino has 0 attacks
nidoking has 0 attacks
clefairy has 0 attacks
clefable has 0 attacks
vulpix has 0 attacks
ninetales has 3 attacks
jigglypuff has 2 attacks
wigglytuff has 0 attacks
zubat has 2 attacks
golbat has 2 attacks
oddish has 0 attacks
gloom has 0 attacks
vileplume has 0 attacks
paras has 0 attacks
parasect has 0 attacks
venonat has 0 attacks
venomoth has 0 attacks
diglett has 0 attacks
dugtrio has 0 attacks
meowth has 0 attacks
persian has 0 attacks
psyduck has 2 attacks
golduck has 0 attacks
mankey has 0 attacks
primeape has 0 attacks
growlithe has 0 attacks
arcanine has 0 attacks
poliwag has 0 attacks
poliwhirl has 0 attacks
poliwrath has 0 attacks
abra has 1 attacks
kadabra has 2 attacks
alakazam has 2 attacks
machop has 0 attacks
machoke has 0 attacks
machamp has 0 attacks
bellsprout has 0 attacks
weepinbell has 0 attacks
victreebel has 0 attacks
tentacool has 0 attacks
tentacruel has 0 attacks
geodude has 0 attacks
graveler has 0 attacks
golem has 0 attacks
ponyta has 0 attacks
rapidash has 0 attacks
slowpoke has 2 attacks
slowbro has 2 attacks
magnemite has 0 attacks
magneton has 0 attacks
farfetchd has 0 attacks
doduo has 2 attacks
dodrio has 2 attacks
seel has 0 attacks
dewgong has 0 attacks
grimer has 0 attacks
muk has 0 attacks
shellder has 0 attacks
cloyster has 0 attacks
gastly has 0 attacks
haunter has 2 attacks
gengar has 2 attacks
onix has 0 attacks
drowzee has 0 attacks
hypno has 0 attacks
krabby has 0 attacks
kingler has 0 attacks
voltorb has 0 attacks
electrode has 0 attacks
exeggcute has 0 attacks
exeggutor has 0 attacks
cubone has 0 attacks
marowak has 0 attacks
hitmonlee has 0 attacks
hitmonchan has 0 attacks
lickitung has 2 attacks
koffing has 0 attacks
weezing has 0 attacks
rhyhorn has 0 attacks
rhydon has 0 attacks
chansey has 0 attacks
tangela has 0 attacks
kangaskhan has 0 attacks
horsea has 0 attacks
seadra has 0 attacks
goldeen has 2 attacks
seaking has 0 attacks
staryu has 0 attacks
starmie has 0 attacks
mr-mime shiny not found
mr-mime shiny back not found
mr-mime has 2 attacks
scyther has 0 attacks
jynx has 0 attacks
electabuzz has 0 attacks
magmar has 0 attacks
pinsir has 0 attacks
tauros has 0 attacks
magikarp has 1 attacks
gyarados has 2 attacks
lapras has 2 attacks
ditto has 0 attacks
eevee has 2 attacks
vaporeon has 3 attacks
jolteon has 0 attacks
flareon has 3 attacks
porygon has 0 attacks
omanyte has 0 attacks
omastar has 0 attacks
kabuto has 0 attacks
kabutops has 0 attacks
aerodactyl has 2 attacks
snorlax has 0 attacks
articuno has 0 attacks
zapdos has 0 attacks
moltres has 0 attacks
dratini has 0 attacks
dragonair has 2 attacks
dragonite has 4 attacks
mewtwo has 0 attacks
mew has 0 attacks
chikorita has 0 attacks
bayleef has 0 attacks
meganium has 0 attacks
cyndaquil has 0 attacks
quilava has 0 attacks
typhlosion has 0 attacks
totodile has 0 attacks
croconaw has 0 attacks
feraligatr has 0 attacks
sentret has 2 attacks
furret has 2 attacks
hoothoot has 0 attacks
noctowl has 0 attacks
ledyba has 2 attacks
ledian has 2 attacks
spinarak has 0 attacks
ariados has 0 attacks
crobat has 2 attacks
chinchou has 0 attacks
lanturn has 0 attacks
pichu has 2 attacks
cleffa has 0 attacks
igglybuff has 0 attacks
togepi has 0 attacks
togetic has 0 attacks
natu has 0 attacks
xatu has 2 attacks
mareep has 0 attacks
flaaffy has 0 attacks
ampharos has 0 attacks
bellossom has 0 attacks
marill has 0 attacks
azumarill has 2 attacks
sudowoodo has 0 attacks
politoed has 0 attacks
hoppip has 2 attacks
skiploom has 2 attacks
jumpluff has 2 attacks
aipom has 0 attacks
sunkern has 0 attacks
sunflora has 0 attacks
yanma has 0 attacks
wooper has 2 attacks
quagsire has 0 attacks
espeon has 0 attacks
umbreon has 0 attacks
murkrow has 0 attacks
slowking has 0 attacks
misdreavus has 0 attacks
unown has 0 attacks
wobbuffet has 0 attacks
girafarig has 0 attacks
pineco has 0 attacks
forretress has 0 attacks
dunsparce has 2 attacks
gligar has 0 attacks
steelix has 0 attacks
snubbull has 0 attacks
granbull has 0 attacks
qwilfish has 0 attacks
scizor has 2 attacks
shuckle has 0 attacks
heracross has 0 attacks
sneasel has 0 attacks
teddiursa has 0 attacks
ursaring has 0 attacks
slugma has 0 attacks
magcargo has 0 attacks
swinub has 0 attacks
piloswine has 0 attacks
corsola has 0 attacks
remoraid has 0 attacks
octillery has 0 attacks
delibird has 0 attacks
mantine has 0 attacks
skarmory has 0 attacks
houndour has 0 attacks
houndoom has 0 attacks
kingdra has 0 attacks
phanpy has 0 attacks
donphan has 0 attacks
porygon2 has 0 attacks
stantler has 0 attacks
smeargle has 0 attacks
tyrogue has 2 attacks
hitmontop has 3 attacks
smoochum has 2 attacks
elekid has 0 attacks
magby has 0 attacks
miltank has 0 attacks
blissey has 0 attacks
raikou has 0 attacks
entei has 0 attacks
suicune has 0 attacks
larvitar has 0 attacks
pupitar has 0 attacks
tyranitar has 0 attacks
lugia has 0 attacks
ho-oh has 0 attacks
celebi has 0 attacks
treecko has 0 attacks
grovyle has 0 attacks
sceptile has 0 attacks
torchic has 0 attacks
combusken has 0 attacks
blaziken has 3 attacks
mudkip has 0 attacks
marshtomp has 0 attacks
swampert has 0 attacks
poochyena has 0 attacks
mightyena has 0 attacks
zigzagoon has 0 attacks
linoone has 0 attacks
wurmple has 0 attacks
silcoon has 0 attacks
beautifly has 0 attacks
cascoon has 0 attacks
dustox has 0 attacks
lotad has 0 attacks
lombre has 2 attacks
ludicolo has 2 attacks
seedot has 0 attacks
nuzleaf has 0 attacks
shiftry has 0 attacks
taillow has 0 attacks
swellow has 0 attacks
wingull has 2 attacks
pelipper has 2 attacks
ralts has 0 attacks
kirlia has 2 attacks
gardevoir has 2 attacks
surskit has 0 attacks
masquerain has 0 attacks
shroomish has 0 attacks
breloom has 0 attacks
slakoth has 0 attacks
vigoroth has 0 attacks
slaking has 0 attacks
nincada has 0 attacks
ninjask has 0 attacks
shedinja has 0 attacks
whismur has 0 attacks
loudred has 0 attacks
exploud has 0 attacks
makuhita has 0 attacks
hariyama has 0 attacks
azurill has 0 attacks
nosepass has 0 attacks
skitty has 2 attacks
delcatty has 0 attacks
sableye has 3 attacks
mawile has 2 attacks
aron has 2 attacks
lairon has 2 attacks
aggron has 2 attacks
meditite has 0 attacks
medicham has 0 attacks
electrike has 0 attacks
manectric has 0 attacks
plusle has 0 attacks
minun has 0 attacks
volbeat has 0 attacks
illumise has 0 attacks
roselia has 0 attacks
gulpin has 0 attacks
swalot has 0 attacks
carvanha has 1 attacks
sharpedo has 0 attacks
wailmer has 2 attacks
wailord has 2 attacks
numel has 0 attacks
camerupt has 0 attacks
torkoal has 0 attacks
spoink has 1 attacks
grumpig has 0 attacks
spinda has 1 attacks
trapinch has 1 attacks
vibrava has 0 attacks
flygon has 0 attacks
cacnea has 0 attacks
cacturne has 0 attacks
swablu has 0 attacks
altaria has 2 attacks
zangoose has 0 attacks
seviper has 0 attacks
lunatone has 0 attacks
solrock has 0 attacks
barboach has 0 attacks
whiscash has 0 attacks
corphish has 2 attacks
crawdaunt has 0 attacks
baltoy has 0 attacks
claydol has 0 attacks
lileep has 0 attacks
cradily has 0 attacks
anorith has 0 attacks
armaldo has 0 attacks
feebas has 0 attacks
milotic has 0 attacks
castform has 0 attacks
kecleon has 0 attacks
shuppet has 2 attacks
banette has 0 attacks
duskull has 0 attacks
dusclops has 0 attacks
tropius has 0 attacks
chimecho has 0 attacks
absol has 2 attacks
wynaut has 0 attacks
snorunt has 1 attacks
glalie has 0 attacks
spheal has 0 attacks
sealeo has 0 attacks
walrein has 0 attacks
clamperl has 0 attacks
huntail has 0 attacks
gorebyss has 0 attacks
relicanth has 0 attacks
luvdisc has 0 attacks
bagon has 2 attacks
shelgon has 2 attacks
salamence has 4 attacks
beldum has 0 attacks
metang has 0 attacks
metagross has 0 attacks
regirock has 0 attacks
regice has 0 attacks
registeel has 0 attacks
latias has 0 attacks
latios has 0 attacks
kyogre has 0 attacks
groudon has 0 attacks
rayquaza has 0 attacks
jirachi has 0 attacks
deoxys has 0 attacks
turtwig has 0 attacks
grotle has 0 attacks
torterra has 0 attacks
chimchar has 0 attacks
monferno has 0 attacks
infernape has 0 attacks
piplup has 0 attacks
prinplup has 0 attacks
empoleon has 0 attacks
starly has 0 attacks
staravia has 0 attacks
staraptor has 0 attacks
bidoof has 0 attacks
bibarel has 0 attacks
kricketot has 0 attacks
kricketune has 0 attacks
shinx has 2 attacks
luxio has 2 attacks
luxray has 2 attacks
budew has 0 attacks
roserade has 0 attacks
cranidos has 0 attacks
rampardos has 0 attacks
shieldon has 0 attacks
bastiodon has 0 attacks
burmy has 1 attacks
wormadam has 1 attacks
mothim has 0 attacks
combee has 2 attacks
vespiquen has 0 attacks
pachirisu has 0 attacks
buizel has 0 attacks
floatzel has 0 attacks
cherubi has 0 attacks
cherrim has 0 attacks
shellos has 0 attacks
gastrodon has 0 attacks
ambipom has 0 attacks
drifloon has 0 attacks
drifblim has 0 attacks
buneary has 0 attacks
lopunny has 0 attacks
mismagius has 0 attacks
honchkrow has 0 attacks
glameow has 0 attacks
purugly has 0 attacks
chingling has 0 attacks
stunky has 0 attacks
skuntank has 0 attacks
bronzor has 0 attacks
bronzong has 0 attacks
bonsly has 0 attacks
mime-jr shiny not found
mime-jr shiny back not found
mime-jr has 0 attacks
happiny has 0 attacks
chatot has 0 attacks
spiritomb has 0 attacks
gible has 0 attacks
gabite has 0 attacks
garchomp has 4 attacks
munchlax has 0 attacks
riolu has 0 attacks
lucario has 3 attacks
hippopotas has 0 attacks
hippowdon has 0 attacks
skorupi has 0 attacks
drapion has 0 attacks
croagunk has 2 attacks
toxicroak has 2 attacks
carnivine has 0 attacks
finneon has 0 attacks
lumineon has 0 attacks
mantyke has 0 attacks
snover has 0 attacks
abomasnow has 3 attacks
weavile has 0 attacks
magnezone has 0 attacks
lickilicky has 0 attacks
rhyperior has 0 attacks
tangrowth has 0 attacks
electivire has 0 attacks
magmortar has 0 attacks
togekiss has 0 attacks
yanmega has 0 attacks
leafeon has 3 attacks
glaceon has 3 attacks
gliscor has 0 attacks
mamoswine has 0 attacks
porygon-z has 0 attacks
gallade has 2 attacks
probopass has 0 attacks
dusknoir has 0 attacks
froslass has 0 attacks
rotom has 3 attacks
uxie has 0 attacks
mesprit has 0 attacks
azelf has 0 attacks
dialga has 0 attacks
palkia has 0 attacks
heatran has 0 attacks
regigigas has 0 attacks
giratina has 0 attacks
cresselia has 0 attacks
phione has 0 attacks
manaphy has 0 attacks
darkrai has 0 attacks
shaymin has 0 attacks
arceus has 0 attacks
victini has 0 attacks
snivy has 0 attacks
servine has 0 attacks
serperior has 0 attacks
tepig has 0 attacks
pignite has 0 attacks
emboar has 0 attacks
oshawott has 0 attacks
dewott has 0 attacks
samurott has 0 attacks
patrat has 0 attacks
watchog has 0 attacks
lillipup has 0 attacks
herdier has 0 attacks
stoutland has 0 attacks
purrloin has 0 attacks
liepard has 0 attacks
pansage has 0 attacks
simisage has 0 attacks
pansear has 0 attacks
simisear has 0 attacks
panpour has 0 attacks
simipour has 0 attacks
munna has 0 attacks
musharna has 0 attacks
pidove has 0 attacks
tranquill has 0 attacks
unfezant has 0 attacks
blitzle has 0 attacks
zebstrika has 0 attacks
roggenrola has 0 attacks
boldore has 0 attacks
gigalith has 0 attacks
woobat has 0 attacks
swoobat has 0 attacks
drilbur has 0 attacks
excadrill has 0 attacks
audino has 0 attacks
timburr has 0 attacks
gurdurr has 0 attacks
conkeldurr has 0 attacks
tympole has 0 attacks
palpitoad has 0 attacks
seismitoad has 0 attacks
throh has 0 attacks
sawk has 0 attacks
sewaddle has 0 attacks
swadloon has 0 attacks
leavanny has 0 attacks
venipede has 0 attacks
whirlipede has 0 attacks
scolipede has 0 attacks
cottonee has 0 attacks
whimsicott has 0 attacks
petilil has 0 attacks
lilligant has 0 attacks
basculin has 0 attacks
sandile has 0 attacks
krokorok has 0 attacks
krookodile has 0 attacks
darumaka has 0 attacks
darmanitan has 0 attacks
maractus has 0 attacks
dwebble has 0 attacks
crustle has 0 attacks
scraggy has 0 attacks
scrafty has 0 attacks
sigilyph has 2 attacks
yamask has 0 attacks
cofagrigus has 0 attacks
tirtouga has 0 attacks
carracosta has 0 attacks
archen has 0 attacks
archeops has 2 attacks
trubbish has 0 attacks
garbodor has 0 attacks
zorua has 2 attacks
zoroark has 2 attacks
minccino has 0 attacks
cinccino has 0 attacks
gothita has 0 attacks
gothorita has 0 attacks
gothitelle has 0 attacks
solosis has 0 attacks
duosion has 0 attacks
reuniclus has 0 attacks
ducklett has 0 attacks
swanna has 0 attacks
vanillite has 1 attacks
vanillish has 0 attacks
vanilluxe has 0 attacks
deerling has 0 attacks
sawsbuck has 0 attacks
emolga has 0 attacks
karrablast has 1 attacks
escavalier has 2 attacks
foongus has 0 attacks
amoonguss has 3 attacks
frillish has 0 attacks
jellicent has 0 attacks
alomomola has 2 attacks
joltik has 0 attacks
galvantula has 0 attacks
ferroseed has 2 attacks
ferrothorn has 3 attacks
klink has 0 attacks
klang has 0 attacks
klinklang has 0 attacks
tynamo has 0 attacks
eelektrik has 0 attacks
eelektross has 0 attacks
elgyem has 0 attacks
beheeyem has 0 attacks
litwick has 0 attacks
lampent has 2 attacks
chandelure has 0 attacks
axew has 2 attacks
fraxure has 2 attacks
haxorus has 3 attacks
cubchoo has 0 attacks
beartic has 0 attacks
cryogonal has 0 attacks
shelmet has 0 attacks
accelgor has 2 attacks
stunfisk has 2 attacks
mienfoo has 0 attacks
mienshao has 0 attacks
druddigon has 2 attacks
golett has 0 attacks
golurk has 0 attacks
pawniard has 2 attacks
bisharp has 0 attacks
bouffalant has 0 attacks
rufflet has 2 attacks
braviary has 0 attacks
vullaby has 0 attacks
mandibuzz has 0 attacks
heatmor has 0 attacks
durant has 0 attacks
deino has 0 attacks
zweilous has 2 attacks
hydreigon has 4 attacks
larvesta has 2 attacks
volcarona has 3 attacks
cobalion has 0 attacks
terrakion has 0 attacks
virizion has 0 attacks
tornadus has 0 attacks
thundurus has 0 attacks
reshiram has 0 attacks
zekrom has 0 attacks
landorus has 0 attacks
kyurem has 0 attacks
keldeo has 0 attacks
meloetta has 0 attacks
genesect has 0 attacks
